Saturday, October 6, 2007


What a busy day today!  I never had a moment¡¯s rest.  The day started with my alarm clock blaring at 7am.  I had to be at the Smith¡¯s house by 8am to baby-sit. I really didn¡¯t want to wake up so early on a Saturday, but I¡¯m saving money to buy a new iPod and couldn¡¯t say no to an all-day babysitting job.

When I arrived at the Smith¡¯s house, both kids were already awake.  Madison was watching cartoons in living room and Jacob was playing with his Legos in his bedroom.   The kids were hungry so I made them some oatmeal in the microwave and we all ate breakfast together. 

We had to leave right after breakfast for Jacob¡¯s soccer practice.  Luckily, the Smiths only live a couple blocks from the soccer field so we just walked there.  It was a lot of fun watching Jacob play soccer.  He¡¯s very talented.  I was worried that Madison might be bored, but she stayed busy by playing her Gameboy while Jacob practiced. 

When practice was over, we went back to the house to make lunch.  It¡¯s always a breeze to make lunch for the Smith kids because they love chicken nuggets and French fries.  All I had to do was pull the food out of the freezer and bake it in the oven.   

After lunch, I planned a special surprise for the kids...I took them to see the new Disney movie.  The movie theater is a few miles away from their house so I had to call my mom to pick us up in her car and drive us there.  The kids loved the movie; they couldn¡¯t stop laughing.  I have to admit that I thought it was pretty funny too.  The only bad part was that the theater had the air conditioning cranked up and it was freezing cold!

My mom picked us up again after the movie and took us back to the Smith¡¯s house.  We had only been back for a few minutes when Mrs. Smith came back home.  I didn¡¯t expect her home so soon, but she was back early because the power went out at her office. 

It worked out very well though because as soon as I left the Smith¡¯s, Danielle called to see if I wanted to go to the mall.  I checked in at home to make sure it was ok and then met Danielle at her house. 

While we were at the mall, we definitely ¡°shopped ¡®til we dropped¡±.  I bought a t-shirt, a sweater, a pair of jeans, and some flip flops.  I know that I won¡¯t need the flip flops for much longer since it¡¯s already October, but they were on clearance and I couldn¡¯t pass them up.

Finally after all that shopping, we headed home because I was exhausted.  Today was a fun day, but I can¡¯t wait to sleep in tomorrow!

 